Denisa Ancuta, 32, 
Thank you for participate in this user interview. We are happy to have passionate cooking enthusiasts.
1. Can you tell me more about you and why do you love cooking?
I am living by my own but because I am working many hours, when I get home I feel tired and I just want to cook something quick but tasty so i'am searching for 
inspiration online.

2. How long have you been passionate about cooking?
Not for so long,I was not fussy in the past and eat anything that my mom used to cook. But when I started to cook myself I discover that i like to do it and become 
a passion to cook for me and for others. I even once had an ideea to start my own business with cooking.

3. What type of cooking do you enjoy the most? You like a specific cuisine or do you prefer to try different styles?
I like romanian cousine, traditional dishes, but I'am happy to try exotic cuisine, and now I'am discovering indian cuisine.

4. What are your primary sources of cooking inspiration? Are there specific cookbooks or websites that you follow?
When i'am trying something made by a friend I am always asking for the recipe, so my friends are my main source of inspiration. I like to be creative and invent my own 
recipe but int he same time I am always scared to try online recipe expecially on Youtube. I had some bad experiences in the past and now I am trying to avoid them.

5. Can you tell me some key features or content you'd like to see on a cooking website to make it appealing and interesting for you?
I want diversity and the recipies to be organised by ingredient or food type. And I need an website that I can used on my phone when I am at shopping, like an app.

6. Are there any particular challenges or pain points you encounter when searching for cooking realated content or recipes online?
I don't have enought time to search on the whole website, there is a lot of information out there but hard to find what I need. There are not many tips from famous chefs online

7. How inspire is a sense of community and interaction with other cooking enthusiasts on a website like this?
I will be inspired by other and by their experiences and I want to be engaged with others with the same passion as me.

8. How do you feel about video-content  such as cooking tutorials and demonstrations? Is this something that would enchance your experience on the website? 
I want to learn from others and I will be glad if I will get the chance to learn from celebirty chefs.

9. As an active participant in the cooking community would you be interested in joining and engaging in discussion on the website's forum or comment sections?
Definetely I will participate and I am happy to meet others from all over the world cooking passionate like me.

10. Lastly, can you think of a unique aspect or a special touch that you believe would would set this cooking website apart from others you've encounter?
I would be happy to have the chance to follow some cooking lessons online.
Thnak you so much for sharing your thoughts and ideas with me. Your feedback will be usefulm as I work towards creating a cooking website that truly resonates
with passionate cooking enthusiasts like you.
