Carmen Mihaila, 69 
Thank you for participate in this user interview. We are happy to have passionate cooking enthusiasts.
1. Can you tell me more about you and why do you love cooking?
I love to cook beacuse made me feel free and it's an quick and tasty result of my work

2. How long have you been passionate about cooking?
Since childhood I was passsionate about anything with sugar and wanted to learn how to seewts by myself.

3. What type of cooking do you enjoy the most? You like a specific cuisine or do you prefer to try different styles?
I like to try different styles, i would like to learn more about asian cousine, I like how the spices that they are using smell.

4. What are your primary sources of cooking inspiration? Are there specific cookbooks or websites that you follow?
In the past I used cookbooks, but after i learned how to use internet, i found it easier to follow online recipies. I like when people are posting
on the Facebook links to different recipies, I feel inspired.

5. Can you tell me some key features or content you'd like to see on a cooking website to make it appealing and interesting for you?
I like interesting cooking website, easy to follow and to find what I am searching for. Because of my age I want simple steps to follow and intuitive content

6. Are there any particular challenges or pain points you encounter when searching for cooking realated content or recipes online?
I don't like when a video it's to slow or too fast and I loose my interest when it's boring without any story.

7. How inspire is a sense of community and interaction with other cooking enthusiasts on a website like this?
I feel inspired when I am learning from other and I am a firendly person so I would be glad if I can be part of a community like this.

8. How do you feel about video-content  such as cooking tutorials and demonstrations? Is this something that would enchance your experience on the website? 
Yes, I like to follow videos with recipies but like I said before i want an engaging video with jokes eventually not something boring. I think will be a great idea to
have also videos kids-friendly, as I would like to cook with my granddaughter.

9. As an active participant in the cooking community would you be interested in joining and engaging in discussion on the website's forum or comment sections?
I think I would love to be involved directly with others and learn from them

10. Lastly, can you think of a unique aspect or a special touch that you believe would would set this cooking website apart from others you've encounter?
Maybe a cooking contest where I can participate with my originals recipies would be great.
Thnak you so much for sharing your thoughts and ideas with me. Your feedback will be usefulm as I work towards creating a cooking website that truly resonates
with passionate cooking enthusiasts like you.
