Julian Ciungaru, 36, Senior IT Helpdesk 
Thank you for participate in this user interview. We are happy to have passionate cooking enthusiasts.
1. Can you tell me more about you and why do you love cooking?
Since I was small I used to help my mother in the kitchen and now I just want to expand my knowledge 

2. How long have you been passionate about cooking?
Started when I was just a kid, as a teenager I stopped and I was focused more on fast-food and now I like to cook for my familiy whenever I have some free time,
ussualy in the weekend

3. What type of cooking do you enjoy the most? You like a specific cuisine or do you prefer to try different styles.
I like to eat and cook all different types of pasta and I think I am more into italian cooking, but I am always happy to experience any type of food. I had bad memories
from my chilhood when I need to eat the same food for 2-3 days, and always the same 4-5 recipies over and over again.

4. What are your primary sources of cooking inspiration? Are there specific cookbooks or websites that you follow?
I am following Gordon Ramsay on Youtube and also Jamie Oliver when I want to try different recipies from other countries. I bought some cooking books but I am too lazy
to follow them. For my daughter, my wife bought a cooking book for kids and I still have a problem finding time to read and experience from it.

5. Can you tell me some key features or content you'd like to see on a cooking website to make it appealing and interesting for you?
I would like to have an website where I can be inspired by different types of cooking techniques and I think i will like to exchange ideas with others about recipies.
I think will be interesting to learn tricks from chiefs and how to cook great recipies.

6. Are there any particular challenges or pain points you encounter when searching for cooking realated content or recipes online?
I found some interesting websites but I still prefer Youtube for inspiration, it's harder to follow a recipe on the website than on Youtube. And i think on the online 
cooking website I can't find many comments about the recipe. 

7. How inspire is a sense of community and interaction with other cooking enthusiasts on a website like this?
I think it's important to interract with people from different backgrounds with the same passionas you and to share your experience with different recipies.

8. How do you feel about video-content  such as cooking tutorials and demonstrations? Is this something that would enchance your experience on the website? 
I would like to have a video tutorial, it's easier to follow. I want to have comments from people to be sure that the recipe it's worth doing it.

9. As an active participant in the cooking community would you be interested in joining and engaging in discussion on the website's forum or comment sections?
I am a shy guy, not the type who interract in forums so I don't think I will be active but definetely I will read the discussions between members to take information from them.

10. Lastly, can you think of a unique aspect or a special touch that you believe would would set this cooking website apart from others you've encounter?
I would like to be challange to try different recipies and be inspired by others. 
Thnak you so much for sharing your thoughts and ideas with me. Your feedback will be usefulm as I work towards creating a cooking website that truly resonates
with passionate cooking enthusiasts like you.
